Expenditure in Britain
Food always remained the maximum percentage among all the items of all family expenditure in Britain, decreasing slightly from 20% in 1967 to 18% in 1996. The figure for Transport and communications soared, reaching an apex of 16% in 1996 and hitting a trough of 9% in 1967. The percentage of household goods and services was volatile dramatically with the vertex of 14% in 1996 and the nadir of 7% in 1977.Furthermore, other goods and services was a significant drop from 14% in 1967 to 8% in 1996. The figure for Alcoholic drink reached a plateau at 7% in 1967 to 1996, followed by a slump to 2% in 1996. This was the similar case with the trend of Fuel, light and power. The percentage of Housing eased up from 1967 to 1996 with an average of 14% in 1997. This was almost paralleled with the trend of Recreation and entertainment, which was the opposite case 2with that of Tobacco with its averaging out at 4% in 1977.
Overall, the percentages of items such as food and alcoholic drink saw a downward trend while the figures for items including housing, recreation and entertainment increased through the period. In contrast, the data of other items remained stable and the lowest from 1977 to 1996.

Computer Market for Manufactures

The table below shows the worldwide market share of the notebook computer market for manufactures in the years 2006, 2007 and 2014.
HP,Dell,Samsung accounted for the majority of notebook computer market share in 2006, 2007, 2014. HP remained the highest market share among these companies through out the period, increasing gradually from 31.4% in 2006 to 34.25% in 2014. Dell ranked second in the three different years, with its market share at 16%, 20.2% and 26.12% in 2006, 2007 and 2014 respectively. the figure for Toshiba crept up from 2006 to 2014, averaging out at about 7%. This was the similar case with the trend of Lenovo. On the contrary, the data of Fujitsu decreased almost a half to 2.3% in 2007, followed by increasing slowly to 3.1% in 2014 while those of others slumped, reaching a peak of 22.8% in 2006 and bottoming out at 7.11% in 2014.
Overall, the figures for Fujitsu and others saw a downwards trend throughout the period while those for the other five companies increased.

It can be noticed from table that food, drinks and tobacco were the most popular in Turkey. It accounted for 32.4% of the total spending, which almost doubled that in Italy and Sweden respectively. The percentage of national consumer expenditure on clothing and footwear was the largest in Italy(9%), with the lowest figure appearing in Sweden(5.4%). Besides, the figure for Ireland, Spain and Turkey were similar to each other, averaging out at about 6.5%, at 6.43%, 6.51% and 6.53% respectively. As for Leisure and education, Turkey ranked first, with its percentage of spending at 4.35%, which was almost twice as much as the figure for Ireland(2.21%) and Spain(1.98%). In addition, the datum of Italy(3.20%) was rough;y equal to that of Sweden(3.22%).
What is worth mention is that, in all the five countries, national consumers preferred to spend more money on food, drinks and tobacco.

